feat: provide close callback to app menu (#1754)
GetStream/stream-chat-react: docusaurus/docs/React/utility-components/channel-search.mdx

### AppMenu

> Application menu / drop-down to be displayed  when clicked on [`MenuIcon`](./#menuicon). Prop is consumed only by the [`SearchBar` component](./#searchbar). The `SearchBar` component is rendered with `themeVersion` `'2'` only.  No default component is provided by the SDK. The library does not provide any CSS for `AppMenu`. Consult the customization tutorial on how to [add AppMenu to your application](../custom-code-examples/channel-search.mdx/#adding-menu). The component is passed a prop `close`, which is a function that can be called to hide the app menu (e.g. on menu item selection).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Application menu / drop-down to be displayed  when clicked on [`MenuIcon`](./#menuicon). Prop is consumed only by the [`SearchBar` component](./#searchbar). The `SearchBar` component is only available with the use of the [theming v2](../theming/introduction.mdx).  No default component is provided by the SDK. The library does not provide any CSS for `AppMenu`. Consult the customization tutorial on how to [add AppMenu to your application](../custom-code-examples/channel-search.mdx/#adding-menu). The component is passed a prop `close`, which is a function that can be called to hide the app menu (e.g. on menu item selection).
```

Not sure if it's a good idea to document internal workings of the theme version render decisioning - it might encourage users to hack around this without actually using the new theming system - which might unknowingly break a thing or two for them.
